update contributing redirects instructions (#9774)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/contributing/pages/redirects.mdx

noindex: true
---

Redirects allow you to automatically redirect an incoming request path to a new destination path. When you move or rename a file, you should make sure to set up a redirect from the old path to the new path, so that the old URL still takes users to the right place.

## Add a New Redirect

> There are two ways to add redirects in the Sentry docs:

Author: @stephanie-anderson @a-hariti Do either of you know middleware or vercel redirects take precendence? Is this something we want to call out?

> - [Add a New Redirect in `middleware.ts` (Recommended)](#add-a-new-redirect-in-middlewarets-recommended)

Author: @stephanie-anderson Can you confirm if we want to recommend this over vercel redirects?

Reviewer: Yes, if they are one to one with no dynamic segments. This way does not count towards the redirects quota on Vercel

- [Add a New Redirect in `vercel.json`](#add-a-new-redirect-in-verceljson)

Because Sentry has a limited number of Vercel redirects, you should configure your redirects in `middleware.ts` whenever possible. You should only use `vercel.json` if you need to use regular expressions in your redirects.

### Add a New Redirect in `middleware.ts` (Recommended)

> For simple one-to-one redirects, set them up in `src/middleware.ts`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set up simple one-to-one redirects in `src/middleware.ts`.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Set up all simple one-to-one redirects in `src/middleware.ts`.
```

> To add a new redirect in [`src/middleware.ts`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/blob/master/src/middleware.ts#L60), add a new object to `REDIRECTS` with the following properties:

Reviewer: I think I link without line number (the `#L60`) would be more durable as the file might be subject to change

> To add a new redirect in [`src/middleware.ts`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/blob/master/src/middleware.ts#L60), add a new object to `REDIRECTS` with the following properties:

Author: ```suggestion
To add a new redirect in [`src/middleware.ts`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/blob/master/src/middleware.ts), add a new object to `REDIRECTS` with the following properties:
```

- `from`: The incoming request path.

> - `to`: The new destination path you want to route to instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `to`: The new destination path you want to route to.
```

#### Example Redirect in `middleware.ts`

The example below redirects `https://docs.sentry.io/performance/` to `https://docs.sentry.io/product/performance/`:

> ```typescript {filename:middleware.ts}

Reviewer: Let's add highlighting to the code block meta data:
```
```typescript {filename:middleware.ts} {2-5}
````

> ```typescript {filename:middleware.ts}

Author: ```suggestion
```typescript {filename:middleware.ts} {2-5}
```

const REDIRECTS: {from: PathWithTrailingSlash; to: string}[] = [
  {
    from: '/performance/',
    to: '/product/performance/',
  },
];
```

> ### Add a New Redirect in `vercel.json`

Reviewer: Maybe we should recommend adding dynamic redirects to the `redirects` field in `next.config.js` as they work reliably on localhost?
@stephanie-anderson

Author: I'd refrain from doing that since it looks like there's currently no redirects in that file anymore. Let's avoid adding another place for redirects

Sentry has a limited number of Vercel redirects, so you should only configure redirects in `vercel.json` if your redirects need to use regular expressions. Otherwise, use [`middleware.ts`](#add-a-new-redirect-in-middlewarets-recommended).

To add a new redirect in [`vercel.json`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/blob/master/vercel.json#L34), add a new object in `redirects` with the following properties:

- `source`: The incoming request path pattern.

> - `destination`: The new destination path you want to route to instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `destination`: The new destination path you want to route to.
```
